Diana's Dilemma Part 1

Author: PPChick

It was a sunny December day in San Francisco. Diana, a beautiful 24-year-old accountant, was walking briskly to work. She smoothed her curly red hair over the shoulders of her new, gray jacket. The jacket was part of her business suit, which included a low-cut white blouse, a short gray shirt, gray nylons, and black shoes.

Diana entered her office building and rode the elevator up to the 18th floor. Next to her in the elevator was a young man with lots of thick, brown hair. He stared goggle-eyed at her shapely legs in the tight skirt and nylons. She walked away, smiling at him and clicking her heels on the linoleum.

She headed for her desk and sat down, smoothing her skirt over her legs. Joshua, one of her co-workers, brought her a cup of coffee.

“Here you go, Diana,” he muttered. He had had a crush on Diana since he had first met her, about a year before.

“Thanks a lot, Joshua,” Diana smiled. She sipped her coffee as she opened up her laptop and began typing in account information for some new clients.

Diana worked hard all day, and chatted with Joshua, who worked next to her (purposefully, so he could be as close as possible). She thought nothing of their mindless conversation, but Joshua was carefully memorizing her every movement and motion.

After a few hours of hard work, Diana closed up for her lunch break. She talked with LeAnne, one of her friends, and also conversed with a few men she had had her eye on.

Halfway through lunch, after another cup of coffee and a bottle of water, she felt the need to go to the bathroom. She excused herself and headed for the company bathroom. However, a sign outside the women's restroom read “Closed for Repairs.” Diana gasped and felt the need to go increase, but then thought to herself, “I'll just use the men's restroom this time”.

She tapped on the men's restroom door, but there was no answer. She pushed the door in, stepped inside, and gasped again.

It was Joshua, peeing at a urinal! He let out a yelp as he saw her, and cut off his urine stream. Diana could see his penis in the urinal, and hurridly glanced away.

“So sorry…had to use this…women's…repairs…” she stammered. She slumped back against the wall.

Joshua swallowed hard. Here was Diana, alone with him in the bathroom! He could see the outline of her nipples through her new outfit. Her blouse was hanging loose, and he could see the top of her cleavage. He felt himself stiffen and rise, and realized in horror that Diana could see him amd his cock.

Diana's eyes widened, and she dove out of the bathroom as quick as she could! Joshua put himself away, unable to pee anymore, and sank down to the floor in embarassment.

Diana was typing furiously when Joshua returned from the bathroom. She looked up at him, turned red, and went back to her computer. She spoke to the customers in a terse, harsh voice, and he could see that she still had to use the restroom. Her slim legs were pushed tightly together under her desk.

An hour or so later, Diana was squirming noticeably. Still, she was too shy to use the toilet. What if she ran into Joshua again? She decided to wait until he left.


Однако Джошуа уволился с работы одновременно с Дианой. Он видел её дилемму; нервно взглянув на него, потом снова на свою работу. Одна рука исчезла под столом, и он мог видеть, что она держится под столом. Джошуа снова напрягся, его член пытался высвободиться из брюк.

Джошуа встал и отошёл, чтобы отпустить Диану. Она огляделась и, вскочив, поковыляла в в*нную. Джошуа подумал «сейчас или никогда» и прыгнул в в*нную. Он закрылся в стойле (их было всего два.) Продолжение следует…

