Posted by writerx on July 04, 2001 at 00:17

I guess the story itself might help just a bit...

Writer X


This story is a work of fiction. Any and all characters or events in this story are fictitious or portrayed fictitiously.

The Girl Who Cried Pee

By: Writer X

The four youths made their way quickly down the perilous sides of the empty irrigation canal, an air of anticipation surrounding them all. Jeff Carter led their little party, a strong looking young man with thick, short cut, dark hair and well-tanned skin, he was dressed simply in a pair of blue jean shorts, a white T-shirt emblazoned with dark lettering that was just a bit snug on his broad chest and a sturdy pair of rubber soled sandals strapped firmly to his feet. On his right side, with a large smile on his face as he playfully kicked at the assorted garbage littering the dried up canal bed, walked his good friend John Kearny. John was a handsome boy, of middling height, with long reddish brown hair gathered loosely at the back of his skull by a knotted piece of black silk, the two ends of which hung down and fluttered about with the rest of his wealth of shiny hair. He too dressed lightly, as it was the end of July and summer’s heat was in full force, and was adorned in a light multi-colored linen shirt buttoned only half the way up that showed his smooth hairless chest and a tight bone necklace around his throat, a pair of white jean shorts that showed off his well muscled and deeply tanned legs, and again a pair of rugged rubber soled sandals, slightly dusty from the dry canal bed, strapped firmly to his own feet. Following a few yards behind, giggling and talking amongst themselves while kicking up a cloud of dust, was a duo that caused both young men more than a little vexation.

Kristin Carter, Jeff’s younger sister by a year, and Karen House, Kristin’s inseparable best friend since the sixth grade, stumbled and slid down the canal’s dusty sides and scrambled to keep up with the two older boys, giggling with each other the way girls of sixteen tend to do. Kristin was a stunning young girl of above average height with a wealth of almost black wavy hair shining in the sun’s light and cascading almost to her middle back. She was dressed girlishly in a blue and white striped halter-top, which left her deeply tanned, firm stomach bare and flaunted her young perky breasts; the flimsy garment’s spaghetti straps were tied in loose bows on her bare back. An extremely tight pair of light baby blue linen shorts, cut but an inch below the luscious ‘V’ of her crotch, hugged at her narrow girlish hips and showed clearly the distinct outline of her bikini panties underneath, and a pair of bright white tennis shoes, slightly marred from her perilous decent down the canal’s side, with baby blue ankle socks adorned her feet. Karen House, aside from her golden curly hair tied back in a lacy pink ribbon, could have easily been Kristin’s sister. Their delicate facial features and full lips made them seem almost identical. She too wore a small knit halter-top, hers striped in pink and white, which showed off her flawlessly smooth skin and slightly larger, yet still small and quite firm, breasts and bared her firm tanned stomach. A pair of light pink cotton shorts hugged at her curving young hips, the distinct outline of her own bikini panties visible through the tight, light material, and were cut just as short as Kristen’s. A very fine, almost indiscernible, tuft of golden hair peaked above the tight waistband of her pink shorts and traveled in a dwindling line on her otherwise hairless skin to her delicate navel, as if a golden path leading to the treasures hidden within her tight shorts. A pair of white tennis shoes, of the same brand and style as Kristen’s, accompanied by a pair of pink ankle socks adorned her own feet. They were a stunning pair, to say the least. That too caused the two young men walking before them more than a little vexation.

“Wait up guy’s!” Kristen yelled in her shrill, musical voice as she grabbed Karen’s hand in her own and half-tripped, half-jogged toward the un-slowing pair. Karen simply giggled as she stumbled once again and let herself be led by Kristin.

“C’mon John, really wait up!” A hint of exasperation tingeing her girlish voice. The two girls caught up quickly and Kristin grabbed onto John’s arm crushing her firm breasts into his side. Karen grabbed onto Jeff’s arm in the same manner, her perky breasts causing the small hairs on his arm to stand straight up, and giggled as she saw the effect she had on him

“Cold Jeff?” Karen said a bit mockingly in her own sweet voice at the goose bumps rising on his skin. She quickly twisted around his side and crushed her breasts into his strong chest as she wrapped her arms around his middle. “I’ll warm you up then.” She giggled at her own boldness. Jeff quickly tore himself from her tight embrace before she noticed his growing manhood, which was uncontrollably stiffening from her attentions, and slyly repositioned himself before it became too noticeable.

“Damnit Karen!” He exclaimed while peering deep into her light blue eyes. Those eyes were making it hard to stay angry, and Jeff was sure that she knew it. She poked her bottom lip out him and suppressed a small knowing smile as she glanced at the growing bulge below his belt.

“Damnit! You guys know that this isn’t cool, right? I mean I just don’t want to be the one to corrupt my little sister and her friends.” He broke off as he watched his little sister continue to press herself into his best friend, playing with the coarse strip of black silk that pulled back John’s hair. She had found out he and John smoked pot a little earlier in the day while they were making some lunch and ever since she had been persistent about getting her and her friend stoned. How she found out would have been funnier had it been anyone but his little sister.

John and himself were in the kitchen making some sandwiches, accompanied with a bag of chips, some granola bars, a couple bananas, a piece of apple pie and… And anyway, Jeff had been munching on a piece of cold pizza while he was spreading mayonnaise on a piece of bread, and in walks his sister and Karen, looking as good as ever in her cute little pink outfit. John and himself had just finished smoking a huge joint down by the canal and were feeling quite euphoric and in turn were very intent on making lunch, and had no desire to deal with distractions from the beautiful young duo. The two girls poked and prodded at the older boys, giggling at their silence, when suddenly Kristin stopped petting at John, ran over to where Jeff was standing and closely examining his bloodshot eyes asked if he was stoned. It took him off guard and he was vigorously denying the fact when he let out a huge burp. It wasn’t the burp that silenced them all and led to John’s uncontrollable laughter, but the large cloud of smoke, smelling sweet and slightly of burnt sage, that suddenly burst from his mouth and hung in a haze around Kristin’s head. After that there was no more denying it. She had caught him and now she wanted him to get her high. Who the hell knew you could burp up smoke!

“Well John doesn’t think it’s such a bad idea, do you John?” She was playing ‘coy’ to its extent as she said the last few words breathily, planting a small lingering kiss on the side of John’s neck and turning to look directly into her brother’s icy eyes.

“Whoa Kris!” John said emphatically while simultaneously pushing her away and looking over at Jeff. John had his arms in the air, as if at gunpoint. “You damn well know that’s not what I said Kris. And John what I did say was, ‘I would much rather see them get high the first time with us than with some punks who would take advantage or freak them out or something. I mean really man do you want them getting high with Steve for their first time?” He said the name with contempt, and for good reason. Steve Smith was a renowned pothead and all around guy of ill repute. The guy played base for some local band. Had unkempt hair halfway to his ass and always smelled of petuly oil and incense. The rumor was he had been a senior at Bayview for three years running. It was one thing to buy weed from the guy, it was a whole other thing to have that same guy getting your best friend’s little sister and your girlfriend stoned for their first time. It was quite a stew.

“It’s really not that bad is it?” Karen asked naively looking fondly at John, thinking that he had begun defending her and Kristin’s cause. “I mean really, all it makes you do is laugh and get hungry, right?” She sounded so sure of herself and Jeff grimaced, knowing that they had lost the battle and not wanting to admit it.

“Fine Kristin you win!” Jeff was more than a little angry and Karen noticed, with a twinge of regret, that his enlarged member had since deflated and assumed a more normal posture. “But I won’t put up with you two freakin’ out and crying and shit like you did at that keg last weekend!” And that was all he had to say as he kicked angrily at the dirt and stalked off, walking further down the dry canal bed. Karen looked at her friend once, then at Jeff’s retreating back, then back at Kristin and John and then ran up to catch Jeff. John watched as she linked her arm into Jeff’s while whispering words, that he couldn’t hear, into his ear and soon had him laughing uproariously while poking at her firm sides. She just giggled in response and gave him quick smacking kisses on the cheek. That seemed to be talent with Karen. She could always bring someone out of a bad mood, no matter how dark.

“Well babe,” John said, looking down at Kristen’s dark green eyes, “ it looks like you got your way again, just like usual”…

This story is a work of fiction. Any and all characters or events in this story are fictitious or portrayed fictitiously.

The Girl Who Cried Pee - Part 2

By: Writer X

“Oh come on now Johnny!” Kristin exclaimed, “You’re not mad at me too are you?” She said this while sticking out her lower lip and batting her eyes ever so slightly. Damned women could play with a man’s emotions like a cat played with a ball of yarn. John gave his loose ponytail a firm yank and sighed.

“No babe, I am not mad at you. But your brother just doesn’t want to see you get hurt. You know how much he cares about you.” John couldn’t help but feel a little satisfied as she looked toward her brother, deep contemplation wrinkling her smooth forehead. “C’mon Kris, if we’re gonna do this we might as well get it over with.” He didn’t wait for a response as he grabbed her hand and the two of them ran to catch up with Jeff and Karen. They quickly caught up to the couple and soon all four of them were seated on a large broken slab of concrete sticking out of the canal’s dry bed, the rough stone warmed by the sun’s rays.

“You guys are sure you want to do this? I mean really, you can get in a lot of trouble for smoking pot anymore.” It was a last ditch effort to try and compel the girls to change their minds, but Jeff’s voice was heavy with resignation. “O.K. then I guess we might as well have some fun.” The two girls veritably squealed with delight, their eyes glowing and broad smiles of anticipation spread on their faces. Like two girls at the damn mall, Jeff thought to himself. And with that, he pulled a small silver cigarette case from his back pocket, clicked a small button on it’s side that released the clasp and suddenly the two halves sprang apart revealing four paper wrapped cylinders, each as thick as John’s pinky finger. He lifted the small metal bar that held them in place and pulled one of the joints from its silver perch. He quickly shut the case, with a quiet ‘click’, and replaced it in his back pocket.

“Ooooh! I want to go first! Can I go first, Jeff? Please!” Kristin was almost bouncing up and down as she stared at the joint in his hands, a look of awe on her face. Karen sat next to her on the stone slab, and she too was quivering with excitement, and something else as well. Jeff realized that Karen was more than a little afraid.

“Hey babe, you know you don’t have to do this right? Just because Kristin wants to doesn’t mean you have to, all right?” Warm concern was evident in his voice as he reached over to comfort the young girl. She quickly pushed him away though, and sniffed loudly, as if angered by the gesture.

“I’m not a little girl anymore Jeff.” That touch of fear was gone from Karen’s eyes, replaced by a hint of anger. “Besides, if I didn’t want to I wouldn’t.” She paused to look at her friend, still sitting anxiously, a bit of impatience painting her face. Karen really didn’t have a choice, and she knew it. “So are we gonna do this or what?” Jeff simply handed the small object to his younger sister, who held it in her hands with a look of pure revelation in her eyes, along with a butane lighter and preceded to instruct her on the nuances of smoking pot.

“Put it in your mouth, Sis and light it. You need to puff a couple times to get it lit, and the first hit is gonna be a little rough because it’s mostly paper. After that just inhale real deep and try and hold it as long as possible.” Jeff explained this matter-of-factly to his younger sister, trying to quell the pangs of guilt that plagued him.

Kristin took the paper wrapped cylindrical object between her lips and, with the brightly colored butane lighter in her right hand, brought the small flickering flame to it’s twisted end and puffed vigorously until the object was smoldering and a bright red cinder had formed at it’s tip. Exhaling quickly, to expel the acrid smoke from the burnt paper, Kristin brought the object again to her lips and inhaled slowly, drawing the sweet skunky smoke deep into her lungs. Holding her breath and trying to suppress her body’s instinct to expel the potent smoke, she muttered a simple, “here” and offered the smoldering object to John, sitting next to her.

John took the joint from her, holding it between his thumb and forefinger, and expertly drew on the end of it causing the smoldering tip to grow bright and the paper to crackle as his deep inhale shortened it’s length. He gave out a little cough and then placed his right hand over his mouth, pinching his nose, and made muffled gasping noises while trying to hold in the smoke for as long as possible. Kristin had long since expelled the sweet smelling smoke and sat coughing next to him, a startled look in her eyes.

John quickly handed the smoking joint to Karen, who followed his lead, and took the object between her thumb and forefinger and inhaled on it deeply. She didn’t even try to hold the potent smoke in as she immediately doubled over coughing and gasping for air, a look of pure disbelief painting her reddened face. She veritably threw the smoking joint at Jeff, who bounced it in his open hand for a second and quickly grabbed it in his fingers with the other while shooting young red-faced and panting Karen a hasty look of accusation and hurt. He ensued to take a hit from the burning joint and just as quickly passed it back to his sister, who took it in turn quite readily if not with just a touch more respect.

Jeff pressed the already forming blister, on the palm of his hand, gingerly to his lips, to moisten the small wound, and then comfortingly patted Karen on her back, an occasional cough still breaking at random from her rebelling lungs, who simply sat with a slight dazed look on her face. She just looked up at him, a sheepish grin spreading across face, and tucked herself into the crook of his arm while almost humming contentedly.

The small burning object was passed around many more times, and with each time the acrid smoke gained intensity. Due to the ‘resin’ John had said with a mischievous grin, to the laughter of the other three. Finally it came once again to Jeff, so small it seemed but a glowing ember and sticky besides, and holding it ever so awkwardly between the thumb and forefinger of his right hand, he put it to his lips and inhaled. Suddenly the ember brightened, and disappeared! Jeff’s glazed eyes shot open as he sputtered and coughed, a dark black streak showing clearly on the back of his tongue. He just blinked his eyes, swallowed hard with an audible gulp, and harrumphed to clear his throat, much to the amusement of the other three youths sitting around him.

Kristin’s laugh was the first to pierce the silence, a shrill high-pitched sound that soon had everyone else laughing. John’s laughter came out as a lazy Neanderthal like sound, not unlike the braying of a donkey. Jeff soon joined in with a coughing baritone while Karen’s laughter sounded like the twinkling of bells, interrupted every so often by a vicious snort or cough, which in turn would drive everyone renewed into a frenzy of snorts, chuckles and screams.

Everyone trembled where they sat, doubled over while clenching at their sides, and with tears running down their faces they laughed uproariously. It was during one of these spells that Kristen’s eyes suddenly widened and a look of pure horror painted her face as she stuffed her right hand into the crotch of her light blue shorts and exclaimed,

“Oh my gosh!… I just peed my pants!” Her voice dripped mortification as her thighs clamped tightly together while John’s lower member suddenly leapt to life at her exclamation, and his eyes were immediately drawn to where her hand was buried in her crotch…

This story is a work of fiction. Any and all characters or events in this story are fictitious or portrayed fictitiously.

The Girl Who Cried Pee

Part 3

By: Writer X


Kristen’s outburst had silenced everyone’s laughter, beside an occasional giggling snort from bleary-eyed Karen, and everybody sat staring at her, expectation and surprise painting their faces. Kristen knew her hand was firmly pressed into her own crotch, but she really couldn’t feel anything down there. One moment she was laughing, and the next moment she suddenly felt a sharp tingle and knew she was uncontrollably wetting her pants. She was mortified, and she didn’t want to move her hand, or open her thighs to look in case she still had to go. That was the strange part, she thought, I really can’t tell if I went or not, or if I have to pee some more! She was suddenly acutely aware of John, sitting on her left, staring at her, no not at her, but staring at her crotch where her hand was buried. She even allowed herself a small smile as she noticed the obvious predicament that his growing ‘thingy’ and his white shorts were going through.

She looked up at everybody’s faces. John’s eyes were still glued to her crotch, a fanatical gleam in his eye. Her brother had a look that seemed a mixture of sympathy and annoyance, while Karen sat glossy eyed with a stupid grin on her face and kept giggling without stopping. Suddenly, she had to do it quickly or she’d lose her nerve, she pulled her hand from her crotch and parted her thighs a little as she crouched over to look at the damage. She gasped as she realized that her light blue shorts were completely dry, not a drop of urine to be found. Strange though, she still felt the funny tingling sensation ‘down there’ that made her feel like she had to pee or was peeing, kind of both at the same time.

“Oh, I guess I didn’t pee… Sorry.” She giggled as she said this, her high-pitched voice taking on a slightly hysterical quality that made her relief evident. Karen just giggled harder still snorting with abandon, to the continued amusement of everybody else. Jeff just sat with his arm around Karen, a patient and longsuffering look on his face, while he just shook his head in annoyance. John, on the other hand, looked almost disappointed as he finally tore his bloodshot eyes from her dry crotch, reached over with his right arm and wrapped it longingly around her lithe waist while inadvertently shifting the evident bulge in his shorts with his left hand.

“Maybe we should walk around or something guys. I don’t know about you but I got hella’ bad cottonmouth!” John’s usually rich and steady voice had become languid and slow, as if he couldn’t quite control his mouth enough to fully form the words. Of course everyone found his drug induced speech impediment amusing, and soon all four of the youths were laughing again with abandon.

John quickly stood up, stumbled, and with surprising quickness grabbed at the concrete slab to steady himself. He looked at Jeff and smiled sheepishly with his eyelids drooping and almost closed.

“Damn man! That’s some pretty good shit!” He paused as he helped a preoccupied Kristen to her feet. “Well, we gonna go or what?” A hint of distraction was audible in his voice as he eyed Kristen surreptitiously. She stood next to him with her arm around his waist. She seemed a bit fidgety, and he noticed that when she thought nobody was looking she would quickly stuff her right hand into her crotch and just as quickly pull it back out again and examine her fingertips. Every time she did this she would seem perplexed when she looked at her hand. John had to wonder if the joint had had some effect on her bladder control. A small smile played across his face as he pondered that thought.

After much effort, and after helping a giggling Karen to her feet, the young foursome was soon heading up the canal bed in the direction they had come. Jeff and John were walking along together and the two girls were a little ways ahead laughing and giggling with each other while holding on to one another. John noticed that Kristen’s hand would invariably end up in her crotch every time she laughed, and that she no longer had the presence of mind to even try and hide the fact. That, or she didn’t care.

It wasn’t long before they made their way up the steep side of the canal, following a worn path that offered the least amount of resistance. Jeff and Karen had made their way up the steep path and stood looking down at the other two. John followed close behind Kristen occasionally pushing her firm bottom to help her climb. With her right leg bent before her finding a solid footing and her left leg still fully extended behind her on it’s solid perch, John could clearly see the outline of her panties through the taught material of her baby blue shorts. They were obviously of a bikini style cut, and he notice that they must be riding up as the outline of the left leg band was partially enveloped in her luscious crack. Suddenly his drooping eyes shot wide open and he had to suppress a startled gasp as he lost his footing and slid back down the canal side almost all the way to it’s dry bed. He smiled though as he quickly regained the lost ground and scrambled towards Kristen’s bottom to confirm what he thought he saw. His smile widened as he came up right behind her. There, about three inches below the outline of the back seam of the tell tale cotton crotch of her panties, was a small glistening dark patch of wetness about the size of a dime…

This story is a work of fiction. Any and all characters or events in this story are fictitious or portrayed fictitiously.

The Girl Who Cried Pee - Part 4

By: Writer X

“Hey you alright John?” Jeff’s voice startled him from his revelation and looked up at the concerned duo standing on the grassy embankment above him.

“Ya man, I’m cool.” He replied breathily trying to hide his growing excitement, “Just lost my footing is all.” He quickly turned his attention back to his climb and continually glanced at Kristen’s crotch. The wet spot was no longer glistening with moisture, but it was almost navy blue in comparison to the rest of her shorts and had grown to the size of a quarter due too absorption. The rest of their small climb was uneventful and soon they joined the other couple on the canal bank.

They immediately began walking back toward Jeff and Kristen’s house to alleviate their parched throats and growing hunger. Karen still giggled without stop as she walked alongside Jeff while holding tightly to his waist. Jeff just smiled contentedly as they walked along. John had his arm around Kristen’s shoulders as they followed the other pair. Her dark green eyes were bloodshot and glassy and she had a dazed look on her face. Occasionally her delicate eyebrows would furrow and she would stuff her right hand into her crotch. John watched as she methodically removed her hand to look at her fingertips and smiled as he noticed a slight gleam of moisture on her fore and middle fingers. He deftly looked away, as if examining the house on his left, as she emitted an audible gasp and quickly glanced his way. Assuring herself that he had noticed nothing she quickly stuffed the offending hand into her pocket and stiffened noticeably.

“Everything alright Babe?” He asked with exaggerated slowness as he looked down at her face. Her expression held ill-concealed anxiety as she assured him everything was OK and she just needed something to drink. John’s earlier suspicions were becoming evident though as she walked with increasing stiffness and kept her legs as tightly together as possible. She was obviously in a real need for the bathroom, and the effect that the weed was playing on her control was assuredly not helping. He smiled to himself as he played different scenarios in his mind.

“Shit!” Jeff’s voice suddenly broke his reverie and John realized that everyone had stopped walking. “My mom’s home man!” There was a hint of trepidation in his voice at the statement as he drew everybody’s attention to the silver Mercedes in the driveway. Karen simply looked up at Jeff and giggled mindlessly.

“So what man.” John said matter-of-factly. “We’ve been stoned in front of your parents many of times, and they’ve never been the wiser.” Kristen had a pained look on her face, and was shifting her weight from one foot to the other while veritable rocking in place. She kept glancing from John to the house a look of longing on her face.

“Ya, I know buddy. But it’s not us I’m worried about. My mom gets one look at her little angel or my comatose Karen here and she’s gonna know they’re fucked up.” He quickly grabbed Karen by the hand and turned to walk the opposite way. “Come on guys. We’ll head over to the Quick Mart and get something there.” His voice was full of apprehension and he started walking, leading Karen by the hand, before he finished talking.

“Can I just run in and use the bathroom real quick?” Kristen’s voice was anguish as she pressed her thighs firmly together and twisted where she stood biting on her bottom lip. Her bloodshot and glazed eyes, fixed on her older brother’s retreating back, were full of pleading.

“No Kris. If you go in Mom’s gonna want to talk to you and then we’re all busted.” He continued walking as he talked not stopping to look back. Karen’s giggling ceased momentarily as she gave her best friend a knowing look of sympathy.

“Jeff come on please! I think I’m really gonna wet my pants!” Her face had turned red at her admission, and her lower lip was trembling. John couldn’t be sure, but he thought he saw tears welling up in her glassy eyes. He was starting to feel sorry for his young girlfriend and was guiltily regretting his earlier arousal at her predicament. Jeff stopped walking and turned around angrily while letting go of Karen’s hand. His leaden eyes had become cold with anger as he walked purposefully toward his younger sister.

“Damnit Kristen! I told you I didn’t want to get you high. I tried to talk you out of it. I told you I didn’t want you or your friends to do it! Now you’ve gotta deal with the consequences. Now let’s go before Mom sees us!” He roughly grabbed her hand and pulled her along behind him. She had no choice but to follow. She simply stuffed her free hand into her crotch and let herself be pulled along, glancing longingly at the house behind her and more specifically the bathroom that it contained.

“Besides,” Jeff said after they had made it around the corner and out of sight of their house “didn’t you already pee your pants once today?” The sarcasm was thick in his voice as he referred to her exclamation in the canal earlier. She simply grimaced and tore her hand from his.

“Fuck you Jeff! You fucking asshole! I hate you!” Tears were running down her face now and her small frame trembled with rage. She still had her right hand buried in her crotch and she was wriggling and stepping from foot to foot where she stood. John quickly gathered her in his arms and patted her gently on the back trying to comfort his young love.

“Come on man, ease up alright?” John pleaded with his friend as he held on to Kristen. Jeff just mumbled something under his breath and, with a dazed Karen in tow, stalked off down the street. John placed his hand gently under Kristen’s chin and delicately lifter her face to his own.

“You going to be OK Kris?” He couldn’t help but pity her as she looked up at him with tears still coursing down her cheeks and shame glowing in her eyes.

“No.” She replied between sobs as she writhed in place. “I think I went a little already.” She continued to dance in place as she quickly removed her right hand from her crotch. John couldn’t see a noticeable dark spot on her shorts but her fingers were actually wet this time. Suddenly she stopped wriggling, her body stiffened, and as her eyes widened a mewling moan of protest escaped her parted lips.

“Johnny I can’t…” and that was all she was able to make out as she bit her bottom lip and clenched her eyes shut. She had inadvertently pushed away from him when she had pulled her glistening fingertips from her crotch and now John watched her in speechless immobility from two feet away.

He immediately heard a loud hissing sound, not unlike a sink faucet on full force, and fixed his eyes on her crotch. She had buried both hands between her legs and now stood in a half crouch with her knees bent and leaned forward with a look of pure horror and anguish painting her face. Time seemed to slow. He watched as a single large yellowish droplet formed sparkling at the hem of her light blue shorts and then traveled slowly down her inner thigh leaving a wet trail on her smooth skin. He stood with his mouth hanging open in wide-eyed amazement as another formed on the other leg and slid down, and then another and another. Suddenly the light blue material behind and around her hands turned midnight blue in an instant and sparkled with wetness. He became aware of a soft pattering noise and watched as a steady stream of golden liquid flowed from between her clenched fingers to land between her legs in a growing puddle on the concrete sidewalk. Winding rivulets coursed down her legs darkening her light blue socks and soaking into her small tennis shoes. John could smell the rich pungent aroma of her pee. The unmistakable muskiness that could only come from a woman. After what seemed like an eternity the flow lessened and finally stopped altogether. Random droplets still fell to the concrete making soft splattering noises as they joined the puddle at her feet but that ‘faucet’ sound had stopped and Kristen simply stood frozen in place her eyes still tightly closed.

Slowly she withdrew her hands from her sodden crotch and opened her eyes. She straightened just a little and looked down at her accident. Her shorts were soaked from the hem to about three inches below the waistline and about two inches on either side of her crotch. The insides of her legs glistened wetly. She looked up at John with a look of pure mortification on her face and broke into silent sobs. Her wet shorts made soft squelching noises as she took a few tentative steps toward him before finally flinging herself into his arms.

“I’m not a little girl Johnny! I didn’t mean to pee my pants! I’m sorry!” He simply held her and reassured her that she wasn’t a baby and that it wasn’t her fault. He sincerely hoped she didn’t notice his impossibly hard erection.

The young couple was so intent on one another that they didn’t notice the silver Mercedes until it came to a stop at the curb right next to them. A striking woman with glossy black hair and fiery green eyes sat at the steering wheel a look of pure fury painting her face. She was the woman that Kristen would grow into.

“John.” The woman said simply acknowledging his presence by his name alone. “Oh Kristen did you wet your pants again?! Oh never mind, have you seen Jeff? I found something in his room, and I wanted to have a chat with him…”

The End
