Нет туалетов
	(f/desp)
Автор: Druss [x] (f)

Вопрос от davethewave ниже напомнил мне о том, что произошло на работе моей жены несколько лет назад. Я разместил это в своём ответе ему, но подумал, что некоторые из вас могут это пропустить, так что вот ещё раз. (Я пишу так редко, вам нужно максимально использовать это, когда я это делаю!)

Она работала на окраине города в офисе, в котором было немало великолепных девушек. Однажды вечером она пришла домой и рассказала мне, что посреди утра у них возникла проблема с водопроводом, в результате которой отключили воду. Естественно, это означало, что туалетами нельзя было пользоваться.

My attention was immediately aroused, and on further questioning she told me that by lunchtime several of the girls, including herself, were bursting for a wee. On girl, Gaynor, resorted to pacing around the office, declaring that she would wet herself if she didn’t get home soon.

At lunchtime my wife and one of her colleagues, Lisa, drove to my mother-in-law’s house (which was closer than ours) to use the loo. Lisa lived nearly an hour away and wouldn’t have time to get home and back in the lunch break, and anyway was too desperate to wait that long.

Apparently on the way both my wife and Lisa had to resort to holding themselves, and when they finally got to the loo my wife rushed in first, leaving Lisa prancing around outside, begging her to hurry up.

I asked my wife about her boss, Jane, a very shapely woman in her early thirties who lived out in the country, about twenty minutes away. Apparently she made it home, but it was “touch and go” when she got there!

One interesting point was that Nicky, the most attractive one in the office, didn’t take my wife up on the offer of a trip to my mother-in-law’s. Nicky came to work on the bus; the journey alone would take half an hour. It seems that Nicky sweated it out over lunch, but by 5 o’clock she had gone bright red, was squirming violently, and muttering “bloody plumbers” under her breath.

The last my wife saw of Nicky was her standing at the bus stop dancing frantically from one foot to the other.

The idea of those gorgeous girls desperately trying not to wet themselves kept me going for years, I can tell you!

Hope you liked it, let me know if you did.

Druss.

