Очень мокрая медсестра

Автор: Мокрое сиденье

Был тёплый летний день, когда мы вшестером, три пары, пошли в церковь в ДеСото Джима. Здесь я датирую это, поскольку DeSoto ещё не стал классическим автомобилем, просто старым. Всем нам было поздний подростковый возраст, чуть больше двадцати, и мужчины либо думали о зачислении, либо ждали призыва. Дедушка Джима вышел на пенсию, и они с женой жили в доме у озера, рядом с прекрасным пляжем. У Джима было постоянное приглашение приходить в любое время и приводить с собой любых гостей.

План состоял в том, чтобы навестить бабушку и дедушку Джима после церковной службы, поэтому наши купальные костюмы были упакованы в багажник. В церкви мы увидели Линду, медсестру, и Стива, её бойфренда. После богослужений мы обсудили наши планы, в результате чего Линду и Стива пригласили присоединиться к нам.

В старом DeSoto можно было комфортно разместить шесть человек, но с восемью было тесновато. Итак, трое сидели на переднем сиденье, а я и ещё трое втиснулись на заднее сиденье, я находился прямо за водителем, а Линда сидела у меня на коленях. Я не могу вспомнить, почему у меня на коленях сидела Линда, а не моя подруга Рут. Итак, мы пошли. И никто из нас не «ушёл» до того, как мы ушли.

Ограничение скорости военного времени составляло 60 км/час, что делало поездку более часа. Линда была одета в короткую юбку из блестящего атласа, так что у неё были проблемы со скольжением по ней или она сбивалась под неё. По какой-то причине она убрала свой вес с ягодиц и вытащила юбку из-под неё, почти не оставляя места для разделения наших анатомий. Я почувствовал, как несколько раз дёрнулись её тазовые мышцы, но не придал этому особого значения.

Мы начали рассказывать анекдоты, и когда нам рассказали один особенно забавный, Линда очень рассмеялась. Я почувствовал тёплую влагу на своём бедре, и Линда почти беззвучно пробормотала:

«О нет».

Со всей этой болтовнёй и неисправным глушителем уровень шума был слишком высок, чтобы его мог услышать кто-либо, кроме меня. Линда слегка покраснела, но я был единственным, кто это заметил. Линда сказала:

«Хватит шутить, давайте споём».

We all started to sing as Linda tried to cross her legs but this was impossible in her confined position. She slid down on my thigh positioning my knee cap strategically to possibly prevent any leakage. I could feel her pelvic muscles tighten and noticed she had stopped singing and was biting her lower lip. She had her head turned looking out the window so nobody else noticed. “Any body hungry?” she asked. “Let's stop and eat”.

In those days, a lady did not just announce that she had to pee. All answered in the negative except Linda and I; I was aware that Linda was interested in stopping for other reasons than eating. There was some good natured kidding about me being an eating machine and an announcement by someone that we could wait until we got to Gramps place. We all had been there before and knew there was a barbecue and plenty of hamburg. I never did know how Jim's grandparents could feed all us young kids with hamburgers in spite of the meat rationing.

I could tell that Linda was really trying to hold it and we had an other 20 minutes to get to Gramps. We finally turned off the main highway onto the unpaved back road leading to the lake. On the first bump, I could feel Linda's pelvic muscles contract. She grimaced and gritted her teeth. It did no good. A substantial amount of pee escaped from Linda. As my knee was higher than my hips the pee ran down the inside of my thigh but there was not enough to wet my crotch. However, I felt the erection coming on. I was quite sure Linda could not detect it, but I could not help but wonder. Linda did not do or say anything and she was possibly unaware anything happened.

Each bump thereafter resulted in a small release of pee. Linda was now fully aware of what was going on. She looked at me and mouthed, “sorry.” Her eyes were moist and she was holding back the urge to cry.

I took her hand and squeezed it and mouthed, “it's ok.” with each bump there was a slight release of pee. After many bumps, My skivvies were thoroughly soaked and I felt the oddest sensation at my crotch. I must admit, it was not unpleasant.

We finally arrived at gramps. During the confusion of unloading the tangled mass of legs and arms, I whispered to Linda to keep quiet and stay close to me. As we walked to Gramps place I stayed close to Linda to try and hide the big wet spot. Linda's skirt was slightly damp on the inside but nothing showed on the outside. Staying close to her effectively shielded my wet spot but I got a real dirty look from Ruth, my girl friend, for walking so close to Linda. Linda abandoned me as soon as we got inside and headed for the bathroom.

This bathroom was recently constructed to replace the old out— house and the walls were only thin plywood. It sounded like there was a babbling brook in the bathroom. Everybody's attention was there allowing me to sneak behind a couch thinking it would hide me from observation. It worked except for one person.

Grandma Jones came with a barbecue apron which she threw to me. “Put this on,” she commanded, “you've got work to do.” I was the only one to see her wink. She looked at me with an impish smile. I went out to the barbecue and performed my duties. By the time I had fed everyone with their hamburgs and hot dogs, my pants were dry but my skivvies were still damp.

While I was slaving over the barbecue, everyone else had changed into bathing suits. Linda was wearing a pair of shorts and a halter, probably borrowed. I went into the out-house, where the men changed, and put on my bathing suit. Most of us went swimming and then we headed for home. The trip was uneventful as we all made use of the facilities before leaving and Ruth ended up on my lap and Linda sat in the front seat

Later, Linda, very embarrassed, made her apologies. I told her it was no big deal and we had a secret between us that no one would know about. Grandma Jones thought it was just me that peed my pants. With this secret between us, Linda and I became good friends.

Linda went to Italy as an army nurse. I wrote to her regularly causing the breakup between Ruth and I. I really didn't care. The correspondence ended when the jeep Linda was riding in hit a land mine. She was killed instantly.

After the war, I got married. One night my wife was sitting in my lap. I told her a joke that caused her to laugh and she wet herself and me. She got up with apologies. I told her to sit back down, don't apologize, just do it some more. This response even surprised me. She was confused but sat back down on my lap and thoroughly soaked us both. From that time on, she knew how to turn me on when all else failed. She asked me why I reacted that way and I told her there was no way I could tell.

It was just the unmentionable memories from the back seat of an old DeSoto.

